Mother go out hello guys, be well.
Come to another channel video
this time a tutorial late angles and
common was the first major loot
efficiency is the least damage as if
You only with the first person the big ones.
Not the little ones here to demonstrate.
there is a correct sequence for
focus on who greater efficiency in django
with the least possible damage
the most important is to focus on the other
for their attacks to be more efficient
You have to choose koka, which is not
can be multiple monsters at the same time
time the idea is a good example of how
focus on a single target each happy if
You're going to use smic
only another great first to only one
personal exception is for the birds in the
birds case
only that first the small ones and also with
the two sips of stones on the
lane but focuses on the first small
now we will treat you in practice as
this methodology works here first
steps and do not focus on small
the path with approximately 460
life
now I'm going to focus first on big bird
to show you how to
You will see the difference between Big Macau
first small children but the
first in the case of birds
you will have a smaller goose son
passing will be focused on the
first focus on a single monsters each
People said I'm going to finish with
approximately 350 lives
I had in the year this one of 110 more then
It is always legal to focus on the
birds a little first to you
take as few damage as possible
here on the clothes that I'm going to focus on
big first on small things
I will finish with approximately 550
DHPP just now here and focus me
the small wolves first at a time
and I'm going to finish with approximately 20
30 hp is coming this 20
then the ideal is to start first by
large logo in case of egg take the smallest
possible here in both terms of
stone begins the first by the small eu
I'll finish with 260 dhpp
the ideal is to start from the small hill
first in the case of these two walls of
stone
with that pure water on that day here
It starts with our great and I go
finish with 200g hc the title of the extra
of 60
the ideal is to start with the small monster
in the case here the two stone monsters is
take as little damage as possible
in the case of balls both net while a
legal group always gets so big
here I finish with about 300 hp
about
our pink battle
and do it
here I started with our little ones
blue ball had no domestic 80
I 'll finish with approximately 200
girls coming to p
the cool thing is always to get the goal in
However the group at large rec blog
I know my person in the comments
the monster you kill first big or
small people whatever
good people today video is getting to
who do not forget to write in our
you still need video cilic and
share aggressively to give
a pro-channel force
A big hug, thank you, bye.
bye